Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Now you can hear me.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my videos lining up with audio like they're all in sync.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, it's on see
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I catching you at work look like you're in a car, a car. Yes.
TCL A501DL: I'm actually out my workplace using my what using the Wi Fi in my pajamas because today's my day off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, I like the commitment. I'm proud of you.
TCL A501DL: Thank you.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I missed the group. This past Tuesday, but I just couldn't get up for some reason, I couldn't get up my head alarms and set. It's just I was too tired. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can kind of take a closer look at that. I appreciate that. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you missed you missed a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Good session there and we got you were trying to get you to kind of feel more comfortable in there you know it.
TCL A501DL: Takes time to
Gwenevere Abriel: Show up in their field to feel comfy, get to know these folks. All right. Um, let's see today is the ninth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or eight o'clock yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Four Seven. OK, so the seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it Tuesday, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you couldn't wake up you had alarms and still couldn't wake up. You remember hitting snooze.
TCL A501DL: Oh, not really. I just remember sleeping through it. My alarms. Because when I woke up.
TCL A501DL: It was like 10 or 11 and Tuesday was also one of my days off. So I was like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright we you seem like you're in a positive, you seem kind of positive meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite. Like, I don't know what kind of feelings you were having last time we met when you were at work, but they don't seem to be quite as as present today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how you were feeling last time.
TCL A501DL: I know it.
TCL A501DL: Again, anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that was like you, maybe even higher than annoyed.
TCL A501DL: Annoyed borderline pissed off about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go that's honest borderline missed off okay cuz I was picking up on that. I was like, this guy is not a happy camper right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling it. Okay, so I'm noticing less of that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what else we have here lunch, a clean shower treasure treasure. Now in group. I was showing online resources for fellowship. Have you explored any of those online.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, I haven't. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that because you I you sort of say to yourself, Well, I don't really have a problem or is there another reason you haven't
TCL A501DL: Been
TCL A501DL: Sleeping.
TCL A501DL: Sleeping it working.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm encouraging that. Why do you think I want you to you're already in group once a week here, you're already seeing me once a week. Isn't that enough. Why do you think I'd want you to have access to more support.
TCL A501DL: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's why you're not going
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like why. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, my motivation is it's free. It's available 24 seven, it's on your terms, it's not a half to go to these things right and it could be you connect with people there that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, there's only a few people like assigned in the 7am group, maybe the composition. This month, or this year in the 70s and group. You may not click with what if you end up really driving with
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people you know your rage that or not even your age, like you to hear something from someone, and he could even have some years of sobriety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Behind him and you end up connecting. Watch this. Oh my gosh, you live here what let's go have coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it could it could really change into something where you could have a really positive support network.
Gwenevere Abriel: Purpose can't go have coffee with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're in an office and that's it on the phone until the medicine, but we can't say, Yo, you know, instead of going over here. Let's just, let's turn our energy over here. Let's just do the next right thing
Gwenevere Abriel: The next right thing will happen. LET'S COME ON, LET'S DO IT COME ON, MOUSE goes Kabbalah. Let's go hit a golf ball, let's let's go challenge energy. We can I can't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so now you know and I'm happy to regale that but it's going to take you wanting to do it. The truth is, you're gonna you'll come to terms on your own. I'm going to keep mentioning it because I do see the value of it. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, you have a goal. I want to stay clean and sober away from the bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a slip
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I don't know if it's full blown relapse. So I don't know if you are still drinking after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Okay. So, when was your last sip of alcohol.
Or
TCL A501DL: Tuesday night I was talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday night that was going out with friends night.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 31. Do you have any more thoughts after that, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I did this. Did you take some time and really think any more about like how it happened, how you could have intervened, a little differently.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great share that with me.
TCL A501DL: I could have stayed home instead of going to town.
TCL A501DL: And I could have avoided those
TCL A501DL: Or my polls, I could have avoided all my polls pulled out for me that day but
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you say fools like fo fools.
TCL A501DL: No pulls the pool of people that are 21 that could buy me lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I could have pulled them out. Tell me what that means.
Gwenevere Abriel: So clueless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what that phrase means
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey back with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're back. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to try and understand this phrase you used. I'm just like the anti cool here. So when you said something like, I could have pulled out the pools. Tell me what that means. Or maybe I
TCL A501DL: Know, I could have
TCL A501DL: I could have stayed away from my poles.
Gwenevere Abriel: stayed away.
Gwenevere Abriel: They know that they're called pools. Do they know that they're thought of like that.
Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Yeah. One of them's a close homie to always call him a poor
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't feel used
TCL A501DL: Know,
TCL A501DL: We get something out of it. He's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're you like throw again extra liquor, or you throw him 10 bucks or something. What do you give him. Let's see.
TCL A501DL: Drink with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So you just hang
TCL A501DL: Yeah, but recently he
TCL A501DL: He told me that he's not gonna buy me anymore liquor.
TCL A501DL: Cause of what happened that night. He's not like, bro. You need to chill the fuck out. You've been drinking way too much, too much like he, like, just calm down. He's like, I'm not gonna buy you any more booze. I'll buy you beers, but I will not buy you a bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of that, that he said that, yo. You need to chill you're drinking too much. What do you think of that statement that he made.
TCL A501DL: Oh, it's true. It's true, because he seen how much he's guided me but also
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I know. He came to
TCL A501DL: So that's why he's
TCL A501DL: Telling me that if he didn't. He would have been like, all right, just give me the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he's and it's sort of what I would call you know the word external you know that word external
Gwenevere Abriel: Person. Okay, so he's kind of an external limit. Notice how he's saying just here.
I'll get you some beer.
TCL A501DL: Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know he cares and you know it's true. I've heard you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it might ever get to the point where he might be like, I'm not gonna lie this point, I'm not gonna buy anything
Do you think it might ever get to that.
TCL A501DL: Uh, we never know it could
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
TCL A501DL: If I tell him if I tell him.
TCL A501DL: Just stop pulling for me. That's what I tell him.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would be an interesting thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like changing people, places, things you know that first part of what recovery kind of is for a lot of people, it's like well as inconvenient, as this is I've got it, I've got to make changes in my environment where
TCL A501DL: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not waiting for your homie to tell you what the limit is but rather you being assertive and saying, Listen, if I if I frickin beg you, don't give it to me.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it or you
TCL A501DL: Know your
Gwenevere Abriel: Heart, you're in charge, not the courts, not a therapist, not a group, not a doctor, not a dad, not a mom, but you
You get to seven.
TCL A501DL: I know what you mean. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what do you think you might lose that friendship. If you said, Don't pull for me.
TCL A501DL: Know who restricted. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think you haven't done it already. What's your suspicion.
TCL A501DL: I don't know. I want to see how long did he go
Gwenevere Abriel: Like as in
Gwenevere Abriel: Will the cops catch me
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
TCL A501DL: Tell me what you mean. I mean, as I want to see how long I could go without drinking, but we all my own table.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning he still could get him but I decided not to ask him, he could offer it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I decided to. Oh, that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
TCL A501DL: It's an option, but I prefer not to take that option.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we look at just recent history and say how is your ability to see how long you can go. How is
Gwenevere Abriel: that working out for you.
TCL A501DL: Going better than it was on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but my point is Tuesday happened right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So how many Tuesday's have to happen before you start setting limits with people where you're the one saying
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I gotta, I gotta reduce temptation, much like if I'm trying to cut back on chocolate. I don't keep it in my cupboard. I'm like, Oh, would you hide it from me, just get it out of my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wonder how many Tuesday was Tuesday's would have to happen for you, like, yo, I've got it, I've got to change my environment.
TCL A501DL: Just that one Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you still want to see how long you can go while you still have an option to get pooling
TCL A501DL: No, I haven't been drinking. I don't think you get it. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't think I follow
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your last
Gwenevere Abriel: Your last drink was 331 believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I get it.
TCL A501DL: Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Well well last two on there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I get it.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, you got that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I get that you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: be faced with the challenge. See how long you can stay sober without telling your homies to limit you.
TCL A501DL: Kind of, I mean I don't talk to
TCL A501DL: Me more real much they're all busy. They're all at work, I'm awake. I don't see them.
TCL A501DL: Be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's a convenience. So now picture everybody's off work now everybody's got all this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how that's an external constraint versus internal is listen guys,
Gwenevere Abriel: Love yet but dude can't hang doing the drinking thing. Let's hang. Let's do something else.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to keep going at it. But I wanted you to see that there is some choice in there that we may end up visiting this again. But you'll do it on your terms you'll do what you're going to do you already know kind of what consequences are on the line for you right
TCL A501DL: Yeah so liquor stores are now close to New Mexico, so
TCL A501DL: I wanted the ball.
Gwenevere Abriel: Journal still external
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: The difference is when you set it up versus this is just convenience. Because guess what, when that convenience opens up again. Now you're left with you to make a decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm
TCL A501DL: Probably not gonna drink again because I don't want to go back to fucking jail for some petty ASK GOD DAMN bullshit.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one that's that that anger right there might just be the one that's internal motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now it's, um, it's a play on words, actually. Typically I still call it external but we're going to go with it for now. I don't want to go to jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: F bomb reason
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want my freedom.
TCL A501DL: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're how old okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, the drinking age is
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a fact liking or not liking hypocrisy or not, it's still 21 out there, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't want to go to jail for breaking the law.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, basically my probation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's take a peek at this other one we've noticed around on this little bit. This was, I want to join the Navy and Marines.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a little bit of info here around
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of see through community college and possibly true try whole Community research FREE AFFORDABLE app for math tutoring. Okay, so we were kind of just lightly touching on ways that you can kind of stay focused still driven towards this long term goal you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it fallen by the way are you basically working sleeping working sleeping drinking to say working sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or are you creating some time of investment in this this navy Marines part
TCL A501DL: Well, I've been investing a lot of my time into that by lucky I go to where
TCL A501DL: I do when I go home a workout. I go for a run through on what we have what we call or what's called the pack Venice. It's a 4475 pound best
TCL A501DL: Yes, I put that on. And then I go for a walk with it. And then I come back I do pull ups, squats. Push Ups sit ups and then
TCL A501DL: By then, usually. It's dinnertime. And then I eat.
TCL A501DL: And then I go just play video games or read a book about something or I don't know. Look around for a bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't remember that the exercise was the challenge because you didn't say, Oh, I'm having a hard time getting my tissue off the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what was. Yeah, so you're doing the thing that that's already kind of comes naturally to you the part that where it got wiggly was
Gwenevere Abriel: I because I'm saying, well, what's getting in the way. What could get in the way of what you identified was I wrote challenges math was difficult in high school might research FREE AFFORDABLE app for math tutoring maybe check out through community college or possible tribal community.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also that probation. Then another barrier is it's to the probation requirements are tedious and they're a hassle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but what about the I could have checked out math tutoring. Did you even after we talked. Did you even think about it one time.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I thought about it a couple of times, I didn't, I didn't look up tutoring, but I went through some of the books at my dad's house and went through some of what he has like
TCL A501DL: Like what front like math books from when I was in high school and math books from my my sisters were in high school. So just kind of like flipping through the pages like looking at them baffled or like how the fuck am I gonna do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all of a sudden, I just thought of something I can't remember if I mentioned this to you before. Let me see if I can find
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, this, this doesn't mean this is the be all end all this is just an idea, a brainstorm. Okay. So I'ma show something to you you cool with that online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The share my screen. Um, because I I work in this program. Um, and I like the instruction of, I don't know that I'll be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you into let's say it's algebra.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something, some of the stuff they're doing kind of like it might be like, I bet it's going to be somewhere in here so
Gwenevere Abriel: This honestly I'm my a people person. This stuff just is just daunting for me. But what yeah but it's not. But watch inside of it. I hope I can get that far. So let's say I go to
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a friggin energy. Right. Okay. So let's say I want to know what an integer is and I want to. It's cute because they give you a little test and whatever. But watch what happens when I get it wrong and I will because I barely even know what the heck, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what the heck I don't, I don't remember this which integer presents this scenario which should bring my kid in here which integer represents the scenario five kilometer decrease in distance. I know I'm gonna go with this with tech. Oh, I guess that right
Gwenevere Abriel: When I get it wrong. This is the part I want to show you. So what they don't show me is how to do it until I get it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh shoot, I got that one right to I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: I just say you're guessing stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here.
TCL A501DL: There you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So watch sorry incorrect. Look what they do. They teach me how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here's a review which energy represents a scenario, giving away three cookies from a cookie jar.
Gwenevere Abriel: You answered three
Gwenevere Abriel: So a positive number can represent a game, which is applause or an increase. So positive number can represent again a negative number can represent a loss or decrease read this, this scenario again.
Gwenevere Abriel: giving away three cookies from a cookie jar. Number one, I would only give one I want to eat those other two, but I won't get into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. For me, a one on one for me. Okay. So giving away three cookies from a cookie jar would cause me to stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: The scenario involves a loss or a decrease. That's true. That would be like a minus. I'm thinking us a negative energy to represent this scenario, the integer would be negative three.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of get that. Did you just get that like it's take away like it's a negative because I gave away the cookies.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they did a good job. I think
TCL A501DL: So what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly. So, I, I'm just saying that in here is cool stuff. They'll me. I am not smarter than a fifth grader. So I probably start reviewing third place.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm humble. Look at all these third graders are doing. I
Gwenevere Abriel: First I want to know the words are using like fractions of a whole I mean seriously, they're going to be doing. I'm like physics now in third grade. It keeps getting harder for each generation. So here's fractions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of all, you said
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get it in. Correct. That's when you get the good, that's when they kind of explain how they came to it. So this could be
Gwenevere Abriel: A place for you to learn, you know how you're sitting there looking at those math books, guess what, if you write this down is called just that's I excel. I remember it is XML learning, but I guess it's I excel. Now I play
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. I think I pay $15 a month, but I think there's a free
Gwenevere Abriel: Period of time or there's something that happens that you could jump into it straight away in a free scenario if memory serves, I had this account for quite some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, what do you think
TCL A501DL: I might be down the check it out.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, nobody's like confusing. You can sit there with the problem. Take as long as you need do another one, get it wrong either intentionally or whatever. And then you can look at another scenario or backup to an earlier concept review those I honestly think I would start to cry.
TCL A501DL: No, I get
Gwenevere Abriel: These things I remember when I was like cutting and pasting. That's all I remember. I don't remember.
TCL A501DL: One.
Gwenevere Abriel: Incident teachers just people, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, so that was a little brainstorming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously, that's one idea. There's a ton of different ideas out there that's just one, but at least I hope you've come away with
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling more comfortable with the idea that there are resources out there where you can kind of do it a two in the morning if you couldn't sleep and you're like, man, I need to sleep aboard and just put me to sleep for sure.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You imagine I'm doing math at two in the morning, that is making me tired so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, my name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh man, so much. Okay, so what else, um, and it's kind of nice. They, they give you those little like gold star know they send you this little email like, way to go, you know, and so there's these nice little rewards along the way and it might seem silly but
TCL A501DL: We all
Gwenevere Abriel: Like we all kind of want a gold star.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter how old you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so here that. What else do we have in here. Now, as far as I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I wrote myself. This is the first time we met, and I never did finish this task I when I first met I had in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that one I had question after question after question after question after question, remember that day that first day we met. I hadn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Needed to do what's called a safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I didn't know if you were presenting with a lot of depressive symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can just do that now. So let's do this. Let's do develop crisis safety plan. So, today's the night
Gwenevere Abriel: How often do you kind of have thoughts of, let's say, hopelessness.
TCL A501DL: Not often, not that often.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what would be an often amount
TCL A501DL: Like every day. I guess would be often
Gwenevere Abriel: So does that mean you have a sense of hopelessness, which is often tied to depression. Would you say you have that every week, every other day. Like, how often do you think
TCL A501DL: I know it's not that often though it's only When shit hits the fan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So shit in a fan and not often. I won't be able to measure. So let's hang in there for a little bit more precision on the timing.
TCL A501DL: Every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. It's not. It's like, it's an approximate
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about
Gwenevere Abriel: What about feeling like, so having hopeless. Let's say it's about every other week somewhere in there after shifts hit the fan and do you ever think, well, I can't deal and I wish I was dead. Do you ever have those
TCL A501DL: Sometime, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes, is it about
Gwenevere Abriel: Every other week.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, more or less.
Gwenevere Abriel: Week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then it's kind of a good thing that we're doing this now because I think we should have a little plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So identify risk factors note those that can be modified to reduce risk. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Shit hit the fan scenario. Are those the cop pulling you over. Are we talking about the same thing.
TCL A501DL: Oh, kind of not really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Well, then, can I hear the proverbial excrement hitting a fan. What
A scenario.
TCL A501DL: It would be more or less like me going to jail me fucking up on probation.
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: No, just
TCL A501DL: Fucking
TCL A501DL: A check breaking my heart. Again, I guess, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's one. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we feel emotional about them. And then so
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically after it's hit the fan and the event has happened heartbroken.
Gwenevere Abriel: F up on probation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like that, after
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm is it your next thought to drink.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And since you aren't really supposed to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's an alternative
TCL A501DL: I've been working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: One thing you can do is I can work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what else do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what about this. What if you knew even though you may find me annoying some level irritating frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm forced right it's like I didn't choose to hang out with this lady at eight o'clock in the morning I'm being made to do it. But in a way, what I am is a type of medicine. No, it's kind of weird, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If you look at it like that. And in some ways, not only is it scheduled medicine every Thursday at eight in the morning, but it's also as needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So if you're like mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fan is full of, you know what, and it's flying everywhere and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're able to catch it. And sometimes it's a such an instantaneous flash. Well, this right now, the automatic thought is drink. I can't do that, I want to go to F in jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's what can I do. Amen. TEXT TEXT one and maybe all that I get in the text is effin shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Me or I get, you know, this or emoji, you know, at the teeth or I get little you know something
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I
Gwenevere Abriel: But the neat thing about that is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not suffering alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's really, it's something else to be going through that fan thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be miserable and to feel like there's no one I can talk about it with
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to see if you were open enough
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to, you know, carry on. If you don't want to with me, but at least to know
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got someone you can text someone that you could send a quick message to you keep it. You can even call and I would see if I can meet with you. We can create another time. But he didn't want that much contact, but what you want. It was just
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, these Bitches be trippin. You know, or whatever you want to say, okay,
TCL A501DL: I gotta go to
Gwenevere Abriel: I try to be cool, but of course I look like
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but you but you get my point. Right. You notice how that hopelessness can sometimes happen when we're in a sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heartbroken disappointment in ourselves. And then on top of that, ain't nobody going to understand me that one. That's the one that can kind of push us into
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the point. Why am I alive can push us there. And I don't want you to have that I want you to know. I'll just text. This lady. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
TCL A501DL: Know what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who else could you because your homies will connect with you, doesn't mean you have to talk about if you didn't want to what's going on. What, who are some people that you could contact
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: My brothers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
TCL A501DL: I'm a couple of close home girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Nice.
TCL A501DL: I hit up a couple holes and go fuck them to get over it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the treatment plan but i think i think i think we got home girls gets the point
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, and a sexual
TCL A501DL: Outlet can
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be useful. So can masturbation that can be an outlet instead of a fucking by a hose.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got that consider it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because I'm now my text back you'll probably notice. And so I want to do a heads up on that. I can't really do psychotherapy through texting. So you probably get
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like you're going through a difficult time. Is there a time that we can meet you, it was for me is going to feel probably really weird. Unfortunately, because I can't see how I'm able to use the words I am right now. Like all of your words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text. I won't do that. I will put in hiding that stuff like
Gwenevere Abriel: But I might say something like, let's remember healthy coping skills. Let's do some deep breathing real quick let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch a funny video let's real quick. Go for a walk, don't overanalyze it we got to do it right away, and you're going to be okay. You are loved. You're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm going to want to be able to do that in person, you won't get much of that from a text. I've learned over the years. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: It becomes back and forth, back and forth. Of course it doesn't work. But the key pieces that you have the ability to reach out, that's what's really important. I want you to have that additional space. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right, I know what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, let's see, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Factors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, tell me something.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what is a reason that would quickly countered contradict and I don't want to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like if I were to put it in writing and remind you, at some point, possibly. Yeah, but you do have reasons to live. What might they be
TCL A501DL: A my future going into the marine Marines or navy being able to become a badass that way.
TCL A501DL: MY NIECE'S my dog.
TCL A501DL: My friends, will my, my home is my brother's my sisters
TCL A501DL: Fuck, to see if all those coronas ship blows over. If we are, if we turn into zombies.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, I love, I love right you're remembering I'm important goals you have you're remembering important relationships that good times are ahead. Can you include in that. Notice how you're like you picturing your homies right that they love you call it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's good times. Like my head. Good times. I can have good times. Can I, can you add to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, will that sad because it has, hasn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember, and then you snap to something else. And it did pass as sharp and is cruel and painful as excruciating Lee scary and awful and terrifying as I kind of depression is it did pass
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's truth about if you can just say as hard as this is it will pass these emotions are trying to teach me something. Something importance going on here, it will pass. I need to go distract
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't be alcohol that's numbing, then I'm not moving through it. I gotta move through these feelings. I can't bypass them with drugs and alcohol. I gotta move through them and it's hard but they will pass. Can you add that piece.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I could add that piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look, I'm going to continue to develop the safety plan with you. But at this point, you've got some good progress on that, um, let's review.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your next schedule for group you working out two morrow.
TCL A501DL: Might yeah work tomorrow, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Early bird like this. You're up and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
TCL A501DL: eight to six tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you so today. This week is just, it's you're going to have sort of a compliance issue as far as Miss group you did make it here today. Nicely done, pulled that off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did miss a group so that that kind of a plus and minus this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's review next Tuesday is seven in the morning, whatever you gotta do to protect sleep the night before. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might need a nap tell one in the morning so that you're not sleeping through an alarm. That's usually the trick that does it for people is, I've got to show up. So I got it man. I want to stay up, we'll do some math. That'll make me tired and I could go to sleep.
TCL A501DL: You know, making a joke to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, 7am April 14 set a couple of alarms. You want to get in there. You're not rolling in at seven. You got to get in there like a quarter of okay because those groups can be locked
Gwenevere Abriel: After about 1015 minutes and then you won't be able to get in.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's going to be a noncompliance too. So really set yourself up for success. Get in there 645 you can be as tired as you need to be. But at least to check in. Then you brush your teeth. Wash your face. You have your coffee, whatever you need to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Get, get awake protect it the night before.
TCL A501DL: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool, cool, cool. And then our next individual will be April 16 at eight 8am. Same thing, check in 10 minutes before 15 minutes. There's not a lot of people early morning. I don't think you're not in competition with a lot of people in the waiting room. I don't think early but
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 minutes before because I have people on call and and I can let them join in and meet with me. If you're not able to attend. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right, far
Gwenevere Abriel: Out and guess what, if you're freaking out someone breaks your heart lets you down disappoints you abandoned to reject she criticizes you, what can you do
TCL A501DL: Next year
Gwenevere Abriel: You did.
TCL A501DL: Come up with some Chica.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if your phone has those you ever do this for you take those little animation those. What do you an avatar yeah gifts. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Pornography, though, because then they'll be you know yet, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah, like you ever do the one where you the avatar is talking with your voice. Have you ever sent that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how's your fun, you could you could do some I'm feeling like around in a little skull, you know, whatever.
TCL A501DL: I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look forward to seeing on Tuesday. If you go through anything like what we talked about a truly I do mean it reach out. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right, of course. All right.
TCL A501DL: Thank you.
TCL A501DL: Bye Bye bye.